-Good morning.
-[student] Morning.
[lively chatter]
[gasps] Mezato. Um. Good morning.
So, uh, you never made it
to our meeting spot yesterday.
Oh. Good morning, Mob.
I'm so sorry about standing you up.
-I totally forgot we had plans.
-You totally forgot?
You see, all the bigwigs met up privately…
-[sinister music playing]
-…the day before the gathering,
and that's when
something extraordinary happened.
-The true founder revealed himself.
-Huh?
[Mezato] So, it really wasn't you.
I apologize for dragging you into this.
My bad. Forget about it.
[Mob] What do you mean, "Forget about it"?
Hey, what's going on?
["1" playing]
[song concludes]
[pensive music playing]
DIVINE TREE 1
THE FOUNDER APPEARS
BODY IMPROVEMENT CLUB
Sorry about that.
I totally blanked on our plans.
Yeah. For some reason,
they completely slipped my mind, you know?
[Mob] By any chance, does it have
to do with the Psycho Helmet Religion?
[gasps] That's it exactly!
Some people came up to me
and invited me to this seminar,
and by the end of it,
I was way more interested
-in that than the universe.
-Hmm.
[Tome] Boys!
-We're no longer the Telepathy Club…
-Huh?
…but rather, the Psycho Helmet Religion's…
-…Salt Middle School branch!
[both groan]
So, what do we have to do exactly?
Pray in the Psycho Helmet
religious tradition, of course!
Apparently, just five minutes a day
gets you a blessing!
-[chuckles]
-Sounds sketchy.
[Reigen chomps]
The Psycho Helmet Religion's
having a bit of a moment.
The video of their gatherings
got over 2,000,000 views.
Ah.
There. That's the self-proclaimed founder.
He look familiar?
No, not at all.
[gasps]
[Reigen] He's a psychic though, right?
As soon as they got a load
of that display,
everyone there fell in line.
Looks like they've got their founder,
which, I'm sorry to say,
means they probably
won't be needing you anymore.
Oh, well, what's done is done.
[chomps, mumbles] Not like
you were really suited for the job anyway.
-So, um, what did you want to talk about?
-[munches, grunts]
[sighs] Oh, yeah.
[gloomy music playing]
[Mob] Look at these buildings.
Wow, those cracks are intense.
[Reigen] Deterioration
caused by supernatural phenomena.
I went to take a look up close
and the construction's definitely
not to blame.
No, the culprit here is overgrown roots.
On reflection, that one building
was already visibly affected.
The same thing's happening
all across the city.
Roots busting through asphalt
and reinforced concrete
in search of nutrients.
I thought it might be some kind
of exotic plant,
but those roots are coming
from the worst possible source.
Coincidentally or not,
the most popular thing
in the city right now.
The Divine Tree.
-[Mob] The giant broccoli?
-Yup! And if we allow this to continue,
we'll be inundated
with building investigation jobs.
[Mob] Would that be such a bad thing?
It'd be a huge pain, and worse,
it wouldn't bring in any money!
On top of all that…
[groans] …we are kinda sorta
responsible for that thing.
[sighs] Mob. I'm going to need your help.
It's up to us to destroy that broccoli!
[Mob] All right then.
[believer 1] Good afternoon!
Please take one.
[passerby] Uh. What's this?
A special powder
made with Divine Tree essence.
-Think of it as a nutritional tonic.
-[snickers, sniffles]
[customer 1] They've got a new item
-on the menu!
-[camera shutters clicking]
[customer 2]
I want the Divine Tree parfait!
[customer 3] Look, Divine Tree croquettes!
[customer 4]
They've even got free samples!
[customer 5] Seasoning City
sure is putting a lot of effort
into attracting tourists.
-What's that?
-Divine Tree candy, I guess. Ah!
-Wow, you can really taste the tree.
-Yeah. Unusual.
-[kids snickering]
-[music concludes]
[Teru] Oh, a box of homemade cookies.
Hmm?
"The Divine Tree powder on these
should increase your vitality."
"Please enjoy them
and get to feeling better."
Guess they were handing out this powder
by the station as well.
Huh. Mm.
Yeah. Must be some kind of placebo effect.
I am feeling better though.
All thanks to the Divine Tree.
Master Psycho Helmet, be praised.
[retches, coughs, inhales sharply]
Brainwashing so powerful,
it kicks in immediately.
They're handing this out across the city?
Not for long!
[breathes heavily]
-Okay, now I'm mad!
-[dramatic music playing]
[Teru] The Divine Tree seems to be
the source of the brainwashing.
I'm gonna destroy it
and get it out of this city!
Past here, huh?
Apologies, but I'll have to make a hole.
[grunts] A barrier?
[grunts, exclaims]
[sword slashing]
[Teru] Based on that reception,
I take it you were expecting me.
Hmm.
Mm! Hey. That you, Kageyama?
Nah, just looks like him.
Who are you?
And what is it you're doing here?
Who am I? Really.
-I'm God, don't you recognize me?
-[Teru gasps]
God? [sighs] God. Yes, of course.
I beg your pardon.
Master Psycho Helmet, please forgive me.
Look what you've done to my Divine Tree.
Leave this place,
and I'll overlook it this time.
[Teru] Thank you very much.
[Psycho Helmet] Go forth,
and continue to be faithful.
[Teru] Yes. Faithful. God.
Psycho Helmet. Divine Tree. Religion.
Empty?
[Psycho Helmet groans]
Man, are you a pain in the ass.
[grunts] How dare you? Take that!
Brainwash me again, will you?
The first time was bad enough.
That wasn't brainwashing.
It was a blessing.
All I'm doing is offering
a much-desired place to belong,
to those unfortunate souls
who have nothing.
Here now, what's this? Trying to kill me?
Not like I'd be killing a person, right?
A valid point.
-[echoes] I'm God after all!
-[menacing music playing]
[Psycho Helmet]
Is it truly your intention to defy God?
Come on! Don't be ridiculous!
Gonna try it a third time?
[grunts] Give it a rest, would you?!
It's clear what you're up to.
You're using that brainwashing ability
of yours to manipulate people
into venerating
the Psycho Helmet Religion.
But if a person has enough willpower,
that brainwashing can be overcome.
[Psycho Helmet] Hmm?
Let's go.
[groans]
[Teru] I'm sick of fools like you.
Going around and using your power
to control people.
I hate to be the one to break it to you,
but… that doesn't make you a god…
-or even a star.
-[music concludes]
Now then, I wonder who you actually were.
What's this?
[gasps]
[grunts, gasps]
[shop owner]
Minegishi, you can take your break now.
-Thanks. Uh. Sir?
-[shop owner] Yes?
[Minegishi] There seems to be
something wrong with the plants.
This morning, these flowers were fine.
But now they're wilted.
It's almost as if something came along
and sucked the life out of them somehow.
[gulps] We should try
to figure out the cause--
-[shop owner] Minegishi…
-[gasps]
…I told you to take your break,
so why don't you take it already?
Uh. [grunts]
-[keypad beeps]
-[can rattles]
[Minegishi sighs] Having a real job
is a lot tougher than I realized.
[gasps]
Even the weeds
look like they've gotten weaker.
And that crack's bigger
than it was yesterday.
What's up?
What tree do you belong to?
-[ominous music playing]
-[Minegishi gasps]
So that's it. I see.
The Divine Tree is stealing energy
from all the plants in the city.
Ultimately, this will kill the land.
Good thing it came to my attention.
You've grown far too greedily.
Hear me now. Do not-- [gasps]
-[shop owner] There you are, Minegishi.
-[Minegishi groans]
[shop owner]
Getting back to work any time soon?
Huh? Hey, Minegishi?
[Minegishi grunting] It can't be. [groans]
-[ominous music continues]
-[pants]
How annoying.
You just gonna keep regenerating?
[laughs] No matter what you do,
you won't be able to stop me.
-Right. Hanazawa?
-[Teru gasps] I see.
So, I guess you really were
a worthless evil spirit after all.
But what's with this new appearance
of yours, Dimple?
I used the Divine Tree to create this body
after the image
of the Psycho Helmet Religion's icon.
Because in my spirit form,
the believers
wouldn't have been able to see me.
What's your aim here?
And does Kageyama know
you've gone off the deep end?
[Dimple] Shigeo has nothing
to do with this.
From the beginning,
I've only had one goal.
To ascend to the level of a modern God!
[spits] Well, this truly is a shame.
Never thought
I'd have to take you down again.
When the time comes,
I'll just tell Kageyama
you quietly crossed over.
This is goodbye!
[music concludes]
[sinister music playing]
[Mob] Huh.
PSYCHO HELMET RELIGION
-[Mob] Does something seem weird to you?
-[Reigen] Hmm?
The city feels different.
Almost… like we're being watched.
Oh, that's right,
you've got it in your head
that you're popular all of a sudden.
It's cool, I get it,
everyone goes through
that overconfident stage sooner or later.
You're probably better off
not telling people, you know?
You may end up regretting it
down the line.
[music cuts off]
[Mob] So you want to destroy the broccoli.
But how though?
Well, as a matter of fact,
I've made a plan.
-Pretty simple.
-[brooding music playing]
1. LIFT IT UP WITH PSYCHIC POWERS.
[Mob] I see.
You want me to carry it to the ocean.
[Reigen] Right. And my job will be
to secure routes and guide you there.
[Mob] This'll be a lot of work.
It'd be great
if we could find someone to help.
[Reigen] Serizawa's got his class.
Uh. Your brother?
Let's see.
Ritsu had a student council meeting,
so he might still be at school.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[grunts]
-Oh! Hey, Ritsu!
-Yo!
[groans] Hey, bro, I'm pretty sure
that thing's gonna be impossible to lift.
You know, a while back,
a few of us carried a piano
that would've been impossible
for anyone to lift.
-[whimpers]
-But by working together,
-we made it happen.
-[groans]
-Maybe this is like that.
-[sighs]
[pensive music playing]
[believer 2]
Here's your Divine Tree powder…
[grunts, gasps]
-…enjoy! It's great for your health…
-What's your deal?
-Don't you wanna go through with it?
-Well, uh…
-Get with the program, Ritsu!
-[grunts, groans]
We have to protect life
as we know it in Seasoning City!
My mom said
when she planted watermelon seeds
in her yard recently, all the other plants
and flowers died off.
Imagine, giant watermelons
sucking the life out of the soil!
[shudders] Scary.
[sighs] Okay, okay,
you've made your point already.
I'll help you guys out.
[music concludes]
-Is something wrong?
-[Ritsu] No, it's fine.
Prayer time, you say? How would that work?
We'll offer a prayer in hopes
of receiving another blessed day.
Simple as that, really.
[Tokugawa] What are you saying?
Have you lost it, Makihara?
Who or what would we even be praying to?
[Makihara] Why,
to the Lord of the Divine Tree,
Master Psycho Helmet, of course.
All those in favor?
-Hold on a second-- [gasps]
-[council member 1] Aye.
-[council member 2] Aye.
-[council member 3] Aye.
[Tokugawa grunts]
What's going on here? I don't get it.
-Are all of you seriously--
-Now, listen.
-Don't dismiss the idea so hastily.
-[mysterious music playing]
Being confronted with a new thought
can be a challenging thing.
[Tokugawa] Kamuro?
[Ritsu] Shige, have you heard
of the Psycho Helmet Religion?
-Huh? Why, are you interested in it?
-[Ritsu] No way.
-Mm.
-But it does seem to be pretty popular
among the students at our school.
And the rate at which
it's been gaining traction
is kind of bizarre.
Apparently, the object of their worship
is the Divine Tree.
Hmm. So, then, if we were
to destroy that broccoli,
we'd make a lot of enemies. However…
based on everything I've seen,
they're a pretty harmless bunch.
They sell merchandise, hold meetings.
It's more like a fan club than a religion.
Just a group of people
who get together and bond
over an obsession they have
in common, that's all.
The way you're describing it
doesn't make it sound any more normal.
[Reigen] Granted,
we should be on our guard.
In fact, they could make trouble. Hmm.
[music cuts off]
Yeah, let's yank the thing
out of the ground
and get outta there as fast as we can.
[Ritsu] My head is killing me! [groans]
I need some sugar.
[Mob] Ritsu, you brought that candy
with you to school?
[Ritsu] Oh, this?
The student council president
gave it to me.
[Kamuro] Kageyama.
Before you go, take some.
[Ritsu] What are they?
I guess it's some kind of candy
they're developing to encourage tourism.
My father came home with a bunch
of free samples
from the prefectural assembly.
-[chuckles] Yeah, sure.
-[Kamuro] You're the best.
Why don't you take one, bro?
-[Mob] All right, thanks.
-Here, you too, Reigen.
[Reigen] Oh.
Sure, I guess I'll take one for later.
I'll save mine as well.
For after we pull out that broccoli.
[Ritsu] Hey, guys.
Mind if we make a quick stop?
-Sure is walking fast, isn't he?
-So, where are you taking us, Ritsu?
[Mob] Ritsu?
[Ritsu] Let's go in.
I have some people I want you to meet.
[Reigen] This is the civic center.
[gasps]
Ritsu, who are these people?
They're members
of the Psycho Helmet Religion.
-Huh?
-[menacing music playing]
[Ritsu] Shige, let's rethink this.
-Uh. What's that?
-[believer 3] Don't even bother…
-[gasps]
-…playing dumb with us.
You're trying to destroy the Divine Tree.
[gasps]
[Ritsu] The Divine Tree brings peace
to everyone's hearts.
Seasoning City
wouldn't be the same without it.
Hold up.
At what point exactly
did you start leaking info to them?
-What's going on, Ritsu?
-Out of nowhere, I thought,
-"You must protect the tree, now."
-[breathes heavily]
[Ritsu] Then I had a feeling
everyone would gather in this location.
And now that you've brought us out here,
what have you got planned?
-[yelps] That candy!
-[munches]
Please have a seat, brother.
You too, Reigen.
-Hello! Would you like some delicious tea?
-[gasps]
-[believer 4] You can let your guard down…
-[grunts, whimpers]
…we just want to talk peacefully.
All right?
[grunts, breathes heavily]
[whimpers]
[both pant]
[shrieks]
[Ritsu] Guess they're not even willing
to hear us out.
-[music concludes]
-[both pant]
I'm not sure we really needed
to run that fast.
Yeah, well, I am!
We had to get out of there in a hurry
before we ended up like the rest of 'em!
-Take out your candy, now!
-My candy?
I noticed a lot of these
back in the civic center.
This might be how Ritsu got brainwashed.
Did you say Ritsu got brainwashed?
No. What do I do?
I can't just leave him there.
Stay calm, okay?
Right now, he doesn't seem to be
in any danger,
-so we need to look into--
-Let me save you kids some time.
It won't do you the slightest bit
of good to resist.
After all, Master Psycho Helmet
sees everything there is to see.
[Reigen pants]
Mob, I think you were right earlier.
We are definitely being watched.
Uh. Why are you taking your jacket off?
And what's with that shirt?
-Uh, uh…
-[Mob] Oh. I got hot from all the running.
Leave it.
Your jacket has a better defense stat.
-[grunts] Uh?
-[sinister music playing]
-Trying to mess with the Divine Tree?
-[gasps]
Yeah, you're not gonna get away with that.
-[Jodo] Reigen!
-Huh?
-[gasps]
-It's come to my attention
that you're planning
to destroy the Divine Tree!
-Prepare yourself for a stern talki--
-[grumbles, pants]
[Jodo] What?! He ran away?!
[pants] The Psycho Helmet Religion
has effectively taken over
the entire city!
[Mob] How did this happen?
What are we going to-- [gasps]
[Reigen]
Psycho Helmet is an unknown quantity.
I have no idea what he's thinking,
let alone what his endgame could be.
But if we interfere with the Divine Tree,
I'm sure he'll take action.
If he's some kind of villain,
then whatever it takes,
let's free everyone from his sway.
-How wonderful!
-Yes, truly.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[sinister music builds]
-[music concludes]
-[Reigen] Hey, Mob.
What's your take
on the Psycho Helmet Religion?
Do you think they're bad people?
[Mob] No. I don't think
they mean any harm at all.
They're just people who found meaning
in belonging to a group together.
You think so too? That's good--
But when this new founder
of theirs appeared, everything changed.
Huh?
WE ARE LOOKING FOR OUR GOD.
[Mob] If that person's a phony,
and they've found some way
of tricking people into worshiping them,
I can't agree with that.
Mm. But, Mob, tell me.
This is the only founder
who's ever appeared,
so, what basis do you have
to question their authenticity?
[gasps]
Unless of course
what you're trying to tell me
in your own roundabout way
is that you yourself
-are the real Psycho Helmet after all?
-Nuh-uh.
Their conception
of their founder is all wrong.
That's true no matter who's in charge.
You know, I'm not convinced
this Psycho Helmet is such a bad guy.
No community can function
without a leader.
He's probably similar
to the president of a club.
Coordinating group activities,
making sure everything runs smoothly,
and so on and so forth.
I imagine it's a tough job.
Sure doesn't sound like anything
you'd be capable of pulling off, does it?
You shouldn't harbor
any bitter feelings though.
You can't win if you're not having fun.
And if those people want
their Divine Tree so badly,
maybe the best thing
to do is just let 'em have it.
Right? Let's go home, Mob.
Hey, uh, Master Reigen.
This is just a hunch,
but… have you been brainwashed as well?
Brainwashed? Huh. How interesting.
Now I understand.
So this is what it feels like
to be falsely accused
of being brainwashed.
[gasps]
[Reigen] The hearts of the citizens
are far more important
than the city itself.
Most of the people in this city
are followers
of the Psycho Helmet Religion.
-Why shouldn't we respect that?
-Hmm. [sighs]
["Exist" playing]
[Reigen] From now on, this city,
the whole world,
will be blessed by the Divine Tree
and the Psycho Helmet Religion. Uh.
Hey, Mob! I'm not going with you! Hey!
[Mob] I sure hope I'm wrong about this.
That person, and that person,
and that person, and that person.
It could be that in this whole city,
I'm the only one left.
[gasps]
-[Mezato] You going in?
-[Mob] Yes.
To meet with them and talk directly.
Oh? Everyone, step back and make way
because Mob is coming through.
[believer 5] I can hear the voice
of Master Psycho Helmet.
Shigeo Kageyama
is the original Psycho Helmet!
How about that?
The original Master Psycho Helmet
has returned!
[crowd cheers, applauds]
This means there are
two Psycho Helmets now!
Two founders! Yes!
[believer 6 chuckles] Hooray!
It doesn't get any better than this!
Amazing!
[believers chant] Psycho Helmet!
Psycho Helmet! Psycho Helmet!
I adore you so much! [groans]
[believers chant] Psycho Helmet!
Psycho Helmet! Psycho Helmet!
-Psycho Helmet!
-[song concludes]
-[thrilling music playing]
-[Reigen] Hey, slow down there, Mob.
Are you sure you should be taking on
Master Psycho Helmet?
Seriously, you might wanna give this
a second thought, you know?
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 III,
Episode Five, "Divine Tree 2, Peace."
Illegal downloads?
Do you want to be cursed?!